SOURCE: https://assets.kalshi.com/contract_terms/RTNGS.pdf

Contract:	RTNGS
Scope:
	These	rules	shall	apply	to	the	RTNGS	contract.
Underlying:
	The	Underlying	for	this	Contract	is	the	number	of	weekly	viewers	in	the	United
	
States	for	National	Football	League	games	according	to	MarketCast.	If	no	data	is	provided,	or
	
there	are	no	games	played	that	week,	the	value	of	the	Underlying	is	zero.	Revisions	to	the
	
Underlying	made	after	Expiration	will	not	be	accounted	for	in	determining	the	Expiration	Value.	
Source	Agency:
	The	Source	Agency	is	MarketCast.
Type:
	The	type	of	Contract	is	a	Binary	Contract.
Issuance:
	The	Contract	is	based	on	the	outcome	of	a	recurrent	data	release,	which	is	issued	on	a
	
weekly	basis.	Thus,	Contract	iterations	will	be	issued	on	a	recurring	basis,	and	future	Contract
	
iterations	will	generally	correspond	to	the	next	week.	The	Issuance	of	the	initial	Contract	will	be
	
on	or	after	September	29,	2021.	
<value>:
	Kalshi	may	list	iterations	of	the	Contract	with	<value>	levels	that	fall	within	an
	
inclusive	range	between	a	maximum	value	of	<350,000,000>	and	a	minimum	value	of	<0>	at
	
consecutive	increments	of	<1000>.	Due	to	the	potential	for	variability	in	the	Underlying,	the
	
Exchange	may	modify	<value>	levels	in	response	to	suggestions	by	Members.
<NFL	week>
:	<NFL	week>	refers	to	an	NFL	week	specified	by	Kalshi.	Kalshi	may	list	iterations
	
of	the	Contract	corresponding	to	different	statistical	periods	of	<NFL	week>,	ranging	from	the
	
week	starting	2021	NFL	Week	Four	(beginning	September	30)	through	the	final	week	of	the
	
2023	NFL	season.	Weeks	start	on	Thursday	and	end	on	Monday.	Game	viewership	numbers	are
	
included	for	any	game	that	starts	during	that	period.	Thus	the	viewership	for	the	game	that
	
starts	at	8:30	PM	ET	on	Monday	and	ends	at	12:30	AM	ET	on	Tuesday	is	still	included.
	
Viewership	from	outside	of	this	timeframe	will	not	be	included	in	the	Expiration	Value.	
Payout	Criterion:
	The	Payout	Criterion	for	the	Contract	encompasses	the	Expiration	Values	that
	
are	<greater	than/less	than>	<value>.	
Minimum	Tick:
	The	Minimum	Tick	size	for	the	referred	Contract	shall	be	$0.01.
Position	Limit:
	The	Position	Limit	for	the	$1	referred	Contract	shall	be	$25,000	per	Member.
Last	Trading	Date:
	The	Last	Trading	Date	of	the	initial	iteration	of	the	Contract	will	be	the
	
same	day	as	the	Expiration	Date.	The	Last	Trading	Time	will	be	the	same	as	the	Expiration	time.
Settlement	Date:
	The	Settlement	Date	of	the	initial	iteration	of	the	Contract	shall	be	the	day
	
after	the	Expiration	Date,	unless	the	Market	Outcome	is	under	review	pursuant	to	Rule	7.1.
Expiration	Date:
	Unless	otherwise	noted	by	the	Exchange	and	indicated	on	the	Exchange
	
website,	the	Expiration	Date	of	the	Contract	shall	be	two	days	after	the	end	of	the	<NFL	week>.
	
For	example,	the	Expiration	Date	of	the	initial	Contract	will	be	Wednesday,	October	6,	2021
	
because	NFL	Week	Four	ends	on	Monday,	October	4,	2021.	
Expiration	time:
	The	Expiration	time	of	the	initial	Contract	iteration	shall	be	5:00	PM	ET.
Settlement	Value:
	The	Settlement	Value	for	this	Contract	is	$1.00.
Expiration	Value:
	The	Expiration	Value	is	the	value	of	the	Underlying	for	the	statistical	period
	
of	<NFL	week>	as	documented	by	the	Source	Agency	on	the	Expiration	Date	at	the	Expiration
	
time.	
Contingencies:
	Before	Settlement,	Kalshi	may,	at	its	sole	discretion,	initiate	the	Market
	
Outcome	Review	Process	pursuant	to	Rule	6.3(c)	of	the	Rulebook.	Additionally,	as	outlined	in
	
Rule	7.2	of	the	Rulebook,	if	any	event	or	any	circumstance	which	may	have	a	material	impact	on
	
the	reliability	or	transparency	of	a	Contract’s	Source	Agency	or	the	Underlying	related	to	the
	
Contract	arises,	Kalshi	retains	the	authority	to	designate	a	new	Source	Agency	and	Underlying
	
for	that	Contract	and	to	change	any	associated	Contract	specifications	after	the	first	day	of
	
trading.